for relaxing times make it Suntory tone
[Music]
Chicago nine Dale pustular have enough
tastarga to be the intensity is it
everything it seemed like you said more
than that should be doing you know let's
pack rat rat had a ring-a-ding-ding
mr. Harris mr. Casas had made my studies
live there what hey leave my [ __ ] lip
them what
[Music]
what are you doing my husband's a
photographer so he's here working I
wasn't doing anything so I came along
what do you do I'm not sure yet actually
what are you doing here then pay two
million dollars to endorse a whiskey the
good news is the whiskey works can you
keep a secret I'm trying to organize a
prison break
we'd have to first get out of this bar
than the city and then the country are
you enter yeah you probably just having
a midlife crisis did you buy a Porsche
you know I was thinking about buying it
boys
[Music]
I just don't know what I'm supposed to
be you'll figure that out
the more you know who you are and what
you want the less you know what things
upset you
you really are having a bit
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]